# README

## Purpose

This is a really simple app for the purpose of demonstarting various rails
related topics. The team will have regular Webex meetings to cover the topics
listed so that we can grow together.

Feel free to add topics.  If you do, just submit a merge request.

## Topics to be covered:

* Testing with RSpec -- 02/25/2015
  * RSpec Basics
  * Integration Testing with Request specs
  * Testing for nested attributes
  * Basics of FactoryGirl
* Versioning
* Security
* Grape API
* "Universal" Helpers and other rails class/module types
  * Helpers
  * Presenters
  * Consernse
  * etc.
* js/json Views
* params - auto generating/extracting to FactoryGirl
  * how to
  * pros and cons
* FactoryGirl Best Practices and Advanced Concepts

## Points of Interest

Some interesting things about what is being done in this project:

1. In the App model spec we are testing for to see it uses
   `allows_nested_attributes_for` to allow the saving of category information
   automatically.  This is made possible by a custom matcher provided by the
   file in `./spec/support/accept_nested_attributes_for.rb`
2. The "shoulda" gem is used to test for associations and validations

## Excersises

### Post Demo 1

1. In the `apps_controller_spec.rb` we have a pending spec to check that the app
   returns a 400 response the api fails to add the new app.  How would we write
   that test, and make it work.
2. In the last demo we talked about wanting to make an integration test to
   allow us to check that the categories were added.  The test is there
   (`spec/request/app_spec.rb`), what is one way we could alter the
   AppsController#index method to make it pass?
2. Right now Our categories are a little contrived.  Really we should have a
   many to many relationship between categories and apps. See if you can make
   it happen

